# Grader Aide  🚀  

Next.js Chrome Extension Starter is a demo example application that demonstrates how to build a Chrome extension using Next.js.

## Description

Use this for smoother and faster grading of Code Fellows students' work. 

## Installation

To install and run Grader Aide locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/codefellows/graderaide.git
   ```

2. Navigate to project source directory:

   ```bash
   cd graderaide/src
   ```

4. Install the dependencies using npm:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Build and Import To Chrome 🔥

Use it as an extension in your browser. To import Grader Aide to chrome browser:

1. From within the /src directory, build the project:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

   `This will execute tasks to create new folder '/extension/' in the repo root, and rename '_next' forlder to 'next' (without underscore)`

1. Open Google Chrome and go to chrome://extensions.
1. Enable the "Developer mode" toggle switch.
1. Click on "Load unpacked" and select the out folder generated by the build process.
1. Grader Aide should now be loaded as an unpacked extension in Google Chrome.
1. Click the puzzle-piece icon to see it installed, and pin it so it's in the toolbar.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
1. Clone the forked repository
1. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix
1. Make changes and test them thoroughly
1. Commit and push your changes to your forked repository
1. Open a pull request to the original repository

Contributions to Grader Aide are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Acknowledgements

Many thanks to the [NextJS Chrome Extension Starter](https://github.com/ibnzUK/next-chrome-starter) project.

Code created with much consultation of the [Chrome Extension docs](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/), and ChatGPT.
